Mom, you're finally here
It's this bitch
He messed with my dad over and over again
You must avenge me!
Uncle, you are here.
He said what about your dad?
My dad just got back
At home now
You have something to do with him
Oops, I have a little misunderstanding with your three brothers.
Offer him an apology
Apologize.
Go for it.
Hey dad
Who?
Why did he call you Uncle?
He is the eldest lady of the Su family
Also your cousin
Don't even know this
how
Now you want me to kneel down for you
Zheng Guo heard that Lan Lan was bullied very miserably
Don't say it yourself
Uncle, I'm sorry.
I didn't know Tang Jie before
It caused so many misunderstandings
Do you have to apologize when apologizing?
Why don't you kneel down and knock one for me?